Add info about using the pulumi-std functions in yaml (#12268)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/languages-sdks/yaml/yaml-language-reference.md

##### `fn::invoke`

> Calls a function from a package and returns either the whole object or a single field if given the `return` property. This can be any of the functions in the [registry providers](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/) as well as functions found in the [pulumi-std](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-std/tree/master/std) package that includes math functions such as `sum` and `abs` and logic functions such as `anytrue` as well as string functions such as `split`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calls a function from a package and returns either the whole object or a single field if given the `return` property. This can be any of the functions in the [registry providers](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/) as well as functions found in the [pulumi-std](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-std/blob/master/FUNCTION_LIST.md) package that includes math functions such as `sum` and `abs`, logic functions such as `anytrue`, and string functions such as `split`.
```
